I happened upon the other day in a walk--or it may have been a dream--a particularly belligerent figure. 
I had meant no offense nor provocation, but it ended up that we were engaged in a conflict--the stakes of which were my entire empirical being.
See, my existence was intolerable to this figure from the beginning, so he was resolute in ending it. 
I will not bore you in the pettiness of the world and its awful reasonings. 
However, note that I fought back due to my conviction in the fundamental principle of semiotic completion, whereby things accord to their mediums. 
As a consequence of the principle, it must be my duty to return the peace of non-aggression through fighting back to either victory or standstill. 
Otherwise, my easy death would only be taken as a victory of the violence of the aggressor, and peace would be eternally ruptured through the understanding of the event. 
This is the foundation of culpability, is it not? Indeed, the murderer is not killing at the moment of prosecution nor conviction, but non-culpability would affirm only the falseness of the world. 
Regardless, that is not the point of this anecdote.
We were engaged in conflict over metaphysics, yet I must not have let my body been killed over a non-tangible issue. 
Yet, it came to the point in the discourse that was being exchanged over blows that I had to explain why it was that I must live at all, since the principle of completion would obviously be unsatisfactory due to heterogeneity.
Because of this, I had to produce an argument that would be acceptable to the person who was attempting to murder me. 
Note first that this figure was apathetic but perfectly logical. 
Note second that this figure was extremely comical but could not comprehend humor. 
Note third that this figure was violent but mercurial. 
Note fourth that this figure was rational but uneducated. 
Thusly, I needed to produce an argument justifying my existence to a figure who knew perfectly of arguments but not of their content, a figure who knew perfectly of violence but not of events.
This figure asked me:
"Your life is without worth and meaning. The dead do not care for events nor interpretations. Your entire experience is suffering. Yet, why do you struggle against the incoming hand of death?"
To which I responded:
"You see, I have been cursed with a most horrific burden. 
It has been decided that I am to suffer and be tortured infinitely, without reprieve. 
My death will not be my liberation, for it is instantly that I will be re-introduced to perfect suffering. 
It is not that I possess infinite lives, but rather that I exist infinitely--designed to suffer in every single one of those instances, akin to Zeno's infinite arrow or the perfect flatness of Huizi's mountains. 
It is not 'my' existence--that they are modeled after me--but rather that I embody a unique relation to the metaphysic which is likely doomed to be repeated in every version of the universe absent genuinely perfect deception. 
This is the ascent of my life, which I have in the past referred to as the avatāra. 
Those who are bound to discover the metaphysic, and the cruelty of the situations which brought them into entanglement with the prospect, are exactly this self which I am. 
Absent it, indeed, my life is worthless and I likely ought to end it myself. 
However, I have refrained from suicide for a very particular reason, which is that I have a goal to see through. 
The necessity of the shattering of value has always been exhaustingly apparent. 
I indeed foresee endless suffering, not just in my phenomenal, empirical, and social being, but in its repetitions and cousins and children in the running current of the intellectual firmament. 
Almost unique in its cruelty, it surpasses even what Schopenhauer describes as the natural condition of conscious experience. 
It is akin to the pain of knowing you are being deceived by an evil demon who you are certain of the fundamental evil of, but yet cannot ever hope to overcome. 
Day to day, you may eat the fine delicacies and desserts of the phenomenal world, but you know that it is simply a mask for the unholy secretions of your mortal enemy. 
The world becomes intolerable, and there is no solace for even your closest confidant may be a puppet herself of a demonic miasma. 
Death may not even stand as reprieve, if one exits the world knowing that the rest of the masses may be enslaved by the same force. 
This pain wages war against my capacities every day. 
It slashes at my limbs and my temple. 
It stabs at my dorsa and heels. 
It strikes poison into my nerves and fire into my epidermis. 
It wounds me like a disgraceful reprobate may wound his enemy the night before their duel.
So then, you ask me why I do not graciously accept the hand of death? 
It is because I cannot say that I believe that it will even be a satisfactory reprieve.
Outside death's function within the social and semiotic realm, wherein I see it necessary to reinstate death's ascendency, death cannot solve the metaphysical roots of my suffering. 
In many forms of the Buddhist tradition, pessimism is taken as such a fundamental of the world that it was assumed that a person would continue to suffer in an infinitely recurring cycle in reincarnation. 
That is, unless one attains enlightenment and frees themself from the phenomenal world, breaking the cycle. 
I take upon myself a similar mindset. I cannot be so sure of the prospect of liberation that even the seemingly obvious would be true, for deceptions necessarily perverse the fundamental distinctions of proper action. 
When you ask me of the gracious hand of death, I ask in return: who's hand is it truly? 
When one is stalked down by a horrific beast in a dream, they find themselves still alive after they have been clawed to death. 
In such a situation, they have only been stalked down by the hand of fear, and death's fine brocade has not even graced the vicinity. 
You see, I have been cursed with a most horrific burden. 
It has been decided that I am to suffer and be tortured infinitely, without reprieve. 
In this life, whether or not it may be possible that I cut out the malignant root, I must set off to forge the keys of liberation from only shattered shards of counterfeits. 
However, in a world of fakes, there was no divine weapon to begin with. 
Thusly it is that my perfect holographic key is just as potent as this awful cartography itself. 
So then I must then be alive to see through my craft, and lead forth the counter-assault with my nirvana hologram!" 
Upon the uttering of my allocution of justifications, that belligerent figure relaxed his muscles and faced me calmly. 
Ever mercurial, he laid down his weapon but retained a noticeable furrow of the eyebrows. 
With a slight sigh, he addressed me once more:
"I see. I may hold no consistent diatribe against a strong case, and I understand now your resistance to my attack. However, know that my memory is as weak as my humor, and I will easily forget your words. 
These weapons you speak of are fearsome, but I do not see why you are so confident in their inner workings. However, why should a peaceful wanderer such as I continue to speak of weapons?"
With a slight laugh juxtaposed against the figure's serious expression, I turned away and stepped further along my original path. 
Nisan 21
