I have said before:
"I have always regarded the melting of snow to be a catastrophe"
"The rains of spring fall in accordance with my tears"
It is the melting of snow and the subsequent spring mist that is the insignia of my anguish. 
However, it is the downpours of late spring that signal the true cruelty of my torture. 
So, I ask you:
When the downpour of spring comes, and you are without covering and without solace, will you continue to march forward? 
When the downpour of spring comes, and you are without your sight and without your touch, will you continue to bear life?
When the downpour of spring comes, and you are throttled by its cruel oppression, can you afford to call its bluff and affirm your suffering? 
When anguish pelts down like horrid rain, will you resist temptation and suicide? 
You see, the anguish of walking in the rain comes first from the worry over clothing. 
That is, the prospect of walking further while in the intolerable blight of your soaked clothing clinging to your skin. 
This is a dreadful condition which may ruin their quality but more importantly violates their significance as the foundation of civilized society, which separates humanity from nature. 
Wet clothing is like an open stab wound, a fundamental terror against the promise of civilization. 
However, this aversion to wet clothing is the operating hand of the terror of the downpours. 
When one cares not for the state of clothing nor their interactions with the body, then one may walk through the pouring rain without fear or anguish.
It is purely attachment to the possession of clothing that issues in such fear.
This realization may be achieved also when clothing is so thoroughly soaked that no more quantity of rain would make a difference. 
That is, pure contentment with the natural rhythm. 
You see, the use of raincoats and umbrellas only masks the fundamental truth which is revealed when one faces the downpour. 
When one feels the rain cover their body without option for reprieve, one knows that it is uninitiated that we come into this crime of a world. 
Fear is only a delusion. 
The moment at which the beast advances from its hiding, it may be seen and killed.
So, I ask you:
When the downpour of spring comes, and you are without covering and without solace, will you continue to march forward? 
When the downpour of spring comes, and you are without your sight and without your touch, will you continue to bear life?
When the downpour of spring comes, and you are throttled by its cruel oppression, can you afford to call its bluff and affirm your suffering? 
Uninitiated we came into the world;
A murderer we exit it. 
The only question is: what kind of murderer do you wish to be?
Is it that you will give in to desire and sociality, and kill your enemies and to make yourself satisfied. 
Or is it that you will be called a murderer, threatened with culpability for passivity in the face of a threat.  
When the executioner stares you down, his ax to the neck of an innocent person, will you beg him to go through with it?
Will you call his bluff and beg him to kill without reason?
Will you stare him in the eyes and beg him to release his sole leverage against you?
Will you have the will to beg him to kill without reason?
Will you continue to march forward under the downpour of spring?
Will you advance, wet and unprotected?
Will you weather the rains of suffering, begging the beast to advance beyond his hiding, bearing himself before you so that you may finally stare him in the eyes?
Uninitiated we came into the world;
A murderer we exit it. 
Nisan 23
