I have finally been struck. 
After watching the cruelty of my failures be reiterated and circle around me like vultures and wolves, I have truly known fear and have thus found the will to compel myself to rise. 
The first thing that I did with my spurt of enlightenment was the most fundamental task: reopen the pathways of pain response--try to rid the poisonous aphrodesiac of the palliative impulse which has thus far tortured me. 
I modified and listened to my inhalations as my nose burned and my mind screamed in agony that I was out of breath and I must stop running. 
However, I knew that my breath was precise and will was correct, so I subjecteed myself to those screams and rebuked them as the call of banshees and sirens. 
My step faltered as my impulses pulsed my body to cease. 
However, I saw in the distance of my mind's eye, clear as ever, the figure of that venerable killing-scholar, masterful tactition, dressed in a golden mask and hair that went on for ages, who cursed and insulted me. 
For the first time, I graciously accepted insult and bowed my head at scorn and hatred, so that, as one may replicate when listening to a great teacher, I may learn what was so vigorously cast upon me. 
I wanted to learn that hatred, which extended so far down that it penetrated the very core of the earth itself as it welled in the heart of that person who I wished more than anything to reach out and grasp. 
I ran as I was compelled to, with each step feeling like I was running along the route to the temple of heaven. 
My exhalations were rapid and fierce, it reminded me deeply of the exhalations one would give when kissing a loved one in the most potent throws of passions. 
It had then occured to me that this must be what it is like--"kissing the ideal". 
Then, when I was running back in the direction that I came--I saw it. 
In the brightest of early evening skies, the moon was at the forefront in the sky.
Never have I seen the moon so brazenly reveal itself in the day. 
I knew, at this moment, that this is when the contract was to be invoked, and the reversal to begin. 
Never before have I seen the moon so clearly, and understood its exact position. 
It felt to me that I could march up there, knowing the exact path, solely from that singular look. 
I saw its curvature--if only a glimpse. 
So brazenly, the moon was almost full. 
In fact, it is only four days until it will be, upon which the fourth Luna will be published. 
I have thusly taken this to be a sure divination that upon the full moon, the reversal will have completed its formal beginning. 
It has seemed that the skill and tactics formed within Luna III have forged a clear way forward with stellar success. 
I have forsaken the sun and pledged total fielty to the moon, and even during the domain of the sun, the moon has appeared in order to gift to me the knowledge that my path is the correct one. 
I never would have seen the moon, in its spectacular beauty, if I had not decided to reopen the pathways of pain and leave my study which I will now occupy myself with. 
It was today that I was told that there "was no pathway" for me to a simple goal of mine, which came from an authoritative voice and thus should have been heeded completely. 
However, such a disposition to me is intolerable. 
It must be such a reprehensible and unfortunate way to live a life, to conclude such things, even if it was not the burden of that individual to understand me. 
If I am to die, it will either be entirely by my own accord or by being ruthlessly killed. 
Why should I lay down and give up my goals? 
It is tantamount to telling another that they should lay down and take their life simply because they were born to die. 
Perhaps I cannot give a sure answer as to why I should live, but anyone who makes such an argument has certainly engaged in a pernicious logic, which I must combat as I must combat any vagrant who seeks to kill me without sound reason.
I say thusly: if I must die, then kill me. 
I will not leave until I am stabbed to death as I can look into the eyes of my murderer and be satisfied with their conviction. 
I will take no half measures, and I cannot tolerate any half measure attack. 
It was this realization that reawakened my dormant killing instinct. 
I don't want to die. I don't want to close my eyes and lay in repose beneath the feet of mountains. 
I now only want to kill--directing that energy towards that person who I was instructed to hate. 
As the insults and scorn were laid upon me, I gained an understanding of that perspective, brought closer by every step that I took. 
I have thus resolved to kill that pitiful being which retains a name that all call me yet feels foreign to me.
With each clash with that ideal self, I learn the fundamental disposition which drives that figure. 
I feel no pity, only hate as one would feel to any person whom they want to kill. 
Though the pathways are atrophied, I can feel the kindle of my killing instinct--it is machinic and erratic, like the graceful darting of the sparrow. 
I have never been more certain that this is the only path. The surface of the moon is accelerating towards the earth. 
Iyar 10
