The moon looks absolutely beautiful tonight. Near full and complete, absorbing beauty--ethereal beckoning. 
It has reappeared so gracefully and its waxing glow, like my eyes, is awakening from a comatose sleep. 
Thusly is the first account of the Vanishing Moon:
There is a question which haunts these deductions, which is the status of their existence. 
In fact, this question extends to all works of writing, but perhaps these more than most. 
Quite a while ago, in a time in which my memory is fuzzy and the deductions were just past conception, I had a dialogue with a wraith that appeared before me. 
I was presented with the possibilities of my fate. 
There were seven endings that I would face. 
In one, I am killed before I ever make progress down my path.
In one, I forsake the path and my heart falls into deception and an ocean of suffering.
In two, I take my own life and the path remains, untreaded. 
In one, I tread the path until I give up and preoccupy myself with self-sustainment.
In one, I die as I achieve supreme victory.
In the last, I achieve true victory and witness the true object of my yearning. 
I do not remember the conversation that revealed this divination to me, but I remember this specific schema.
This truth has laid dormant in the still pool of my intellect, in repose until the witnessing of the moon has allowed me to recall it. 
This fortune is critical in the interpretation and composition of these deductions. 
Only in two of the seven paths do I truly achieve what can be considered victory. 
Only in two of the seven paths do I truly have a life at the end. 
Only in two of the seven paths do I truly choose my death. 
In three of the seven paths, I die prematurely. 
In four of the seven paths, I will die suffering. 
In five of the seven paths, I never accomplish my true goal. 
In six of the seven paths, I never taste the fruits of victory. 
In all seven paths, the moon lights the way. 
These paths represent the state of the philosophical project that I hope to complete. 
The first and second paths are true failure, wherein the fire that burns in my heart-mind is extinguished. 
The third and fourth paths are the fragment deductions, wherein the failure is not eternal and the path remains, albeit near-hopelessly obscured. 
The fifth path is the false failure, wherein the scent of victory is lost and the path covered, but it may be retraced at any point by another. 
The sixth and seventh are the victories, wherein the gate is opened, although in only one am I able to view inside. 
It is not that all of these outcomes have the same chance of occurring. In fact, some are extremely likely while some are near impossible.  
All of these endings twist around the singular path, overlapping and braiding themselves into superposition. 
It is not that they are truly separate, but constantly in conflict. 
The grasp of suffering and deception holds a tight grip on the path, dimming the moon with its pull. 
This is what is meant by "failure pervades". 
There is no certainty in the moon, just as all phenomena are illusory and impermanent. 
However, that is what allows it to be a powerful tool. 
Nevertheless, what I have overlooked in the past has been the agonizing uncertainty of the moonlight. 
It is with cruel helplessness that one witnesses the Vanishing Moon. 
Thusly is the first account of the Vanishing Moon:
It was three cycles ago that the moon vanished. 
It was two days before the full moon that it vanished. 
The last that I saw it, I had considered drawing from it the fourth Luna. 
However, it would not be customary to do so, considering that it was the original objective to wait for the completion of the moon's waxing.
Yet, it stings harshly that the full moon did not appear on the night that it should have. 
Even further, the clouds continued to cover the moon every single night. 
Every single night, I ventured outside and spun in circles trying to pull a glimpse of every angle of the night sky, searching for the moon. 
Yet, the moon would not return. 
I cannot write the Luna without the moon, however, so I waited in repose for the moon to reappear. 
However, the date had drifted, and the moon, which should have been a sliver anyways, still would not appear. 
I had left the deductions, since I could not compose any more without the fourth Luna, given that the Lunae are the very backbone of the project.
A full cycle continued, and the moon had yet to reappear. 
Just like that, the Luna had vanished. 
Failure pervades, and the alienation from the moonlight had festered in my heart. 
The waters of the ocean of suffering began to leak in through the weakened hull, and the shimmer of the deductions felt like a lost sister. 
It was not until a couple weeks later that the moon would uncover itself. 
I remember the night that it was, dark and clear and warm.
My eyes started to tear up at the sight, my heart overflowing with longing. 
It was only a sliver of the moon, a thin curve of the image that I had taken upon myself as my ruler. 
Yet, that was more than enough to invigorate me. The Vanishing Moon had reappeared!
However, my heart was immersed in the silt of repose. I had forgotten the taste of the Luna. 
Even though the Vanishing Moon had revealed itself, I could not cross back the river which had grown between us in my sleep. 
What should have been like a drink to the deserted could not overcome the barrier of film that had grown.
It is from here that we can derive the true nature of the Vanishing Moon. 
Of course, the moon, like all phenomena, is impermanent, making it just like any other tool of reality. 
It is thus the nature of the moon to vanish. 
Thusly, we must build a stratagem for the theft of the nature of reality. 
The central project of the Lunae is to steal from reality something that it is hiding, not in its direct opposition, but by turning it in on itself. 
To allow night to destroy day is to rip reality apart at its seams, a true singularity. 
To treat the Vanishing Moon as a catastrophe would be to regard reality as unchanging and permanent, and thus fall victim to reality. 
However, there is a unique sin in the form of repose which the Vanishing Moon issued unto the deductions. 
That is, to regard the vanishing as vanished--or, to believe what is presented. 
This was a fatal flaw that went unaccounted for. 
Thusly, the ropes of fate tightened towards the obfuscation of my heart and the failure of the project. 
Of course, there is risk when playing games with reality. 
To become a thief is to invite hardship onto oneself, regardless of who or what the target is.
In order to achieve victory, the impermanent must act as the everlasting against itself. 
However, one must not regard it as truly everlasting, but rather play a cruel trick on reality in the same fashion that it did to us. 
The path to victory lies is in tricking the system, forcing itself to destroy its own internal mechanisms. 
The Vanishing Moon must thusly be a weapon and not a liability. 
Thus, we return to the original question:
What is the status of the existence of these deductions?
The divination which has allowed for the revealing of the seven outcomes of the path has opened up a path to tracing the pages which have yet to exist. 
The deduction fragments, which would need to be finished in another life if they were to remain in that state, are the natural core of the deductions. 
The fire of inspiration which illuminates the path to the weapon burns far beyond its lighting. 
These deductions, even if I were to end my own life, would still maintain the memory that they possess back to their own completion. 
Thusly, it is the case that the Vanishing Moon never vanished, just as any defeat at my own hands is false. 
Vanishing Moon I
