The moon looks absolutely beautiful this morning. Full and complete, absorbative beauty--ethereal beckoning. 
However, it was unique this one particular time--its pure white was tranformed into a dominating yellow. 
In patterns of phenomena, there are always differentiations. However, the question is always whether or not it has entered into our purview. 
I am sure that every time I have looked at the moon it has been different, even upon the repetitions of the phases. However, it is notable that we are able discern "phases" at all. 
I can never speak to the moon, although the moon speaks to me. I compliment its gorgeous dresses and temperamental demeanor. I commemorate its risings and falling. I am her loyal subject, although she has no kingdom.
What is meant when I say "it must then be that it is a poor strategy to fight the system, but superior to have already defeated it"? 
This assertion is echoed by many complements. 
Indeed, it is the same statement that "Absolute ideal is the ascent of the ideal within the path, creating an entire world from its sparks which hosts the constructions of the ideal within its domain". 
Writing is a difficult process, but it is entirely easy when what is to be written already has been. It is easy being a theif, the question is just always from where you are stealing. 
Zhuangzi, in saying that he has done nothing, has in turn completed everything, which is the most central edict.
This is the full meaning of the verse "It is necessary to ensure that all things are done...
...There is no other alternative for all activities are empty vessels and the most fanciful of empty chalices produces less vitality than a single drop of dew off of a morning leaf."
This is why I have not written once in these deductions since the first Luna--it must have already have been completed. 
This is where the deductions must start, but it would be with impossible hardship to have started them here. 
Indeed, the path was forged when the fist Luna was written, it was simply the question of when I would travel down it. 
It has already been completed, and all that I had to do was nothing until I was enraptured by the necessity.
Now that it has been finished, it is permissible and necessary to ask why. 
I say: there are observable phenomena, but we are bound to our differentiations. It is necessary to erode these, of course--that is the central project. 
However, from where do things derive? While it is always of nothing, the milieu of things are intermediaries.
We are even bound to discourses--perhaps that is the most severe of them all. 
However, it is even with this that things may come by ziran--of themselves. 
It has been the project of philosophers to be "kissing the noumena". 
The moon was starkly unique this time, it was a recherché yellow. It was incurred, in that moment, that I must be obliged to set off down the path of completion. 
The root of deduction must be that it has been incurred. 
Thusly, it is the project of the skilled person to steal the keys to the path. Even further, it is superior if the theft has already occured. 
A perfect divination--all I had to depend on was the moon, which, even though I had no knowledge of any future anomolies at the onset, was bound to beckon me on. 
Bound to an unorthodox system, I have uncovered a further terrain. If I had composed freely without regard from the onset, then this immaculate lunar terrain would be barren. 
By restricting, I have produced an immaculate wellspring. 
The moon looks absolutely beautiful this morning. 
