The moon looks absolutely beautiful this morning. Full and complete, absorbing beauty--ethereal beckoning. 
I am slightly late on the composition of this Luna, but it is purely for the same reason as why these were dreamt up in the first place. 
There has been a question that I have been pondering which I have already touched on briefly in these notes. 
That question is: why should one do anything at all?
It is curious to me that philosophy exists at all. I can only come to the conclusion that those at its genesis were fools, although I feel unfair and unfilial saying it.
If it is the task of the philosopher to uncover the mechanisms of perfect reason, why does philosophy exist? 
If philosophy exists to uncover the mechanisms of perfect reason, then that would be naturalistic and tautological, which would go contrary to the objective. 
It would be akin to saying that philosophy is what philosophy does, which is not reasonable, as it is the is-ought fallacy. 
So then, why ought philosophers do anything? 
Certainly, there is nothing to do. 
Kant's anti-philosophy should have been the most evident of all systems. 
Simply because the entire world was a mistake, there is not necessarily reason to engage further in a mistaken endeavor. 
Certainly, I would be more than content to peddle such an argument and to resign faithfully to peaceful opposition. 
However, the world is not so forgiving as to allow me to oppose such mistakes unbothered.
Rather, I have been tenaciously attacked by the mechanisms of misjudgment and deception. 
Truly, no prospect of fruit goes unpunished, and time never ceases its relentless assault.
Therefore, I have been thrust into a war that I had never asked to participate in. 
Yet, I must win the game to save my life so that I merely have the plateau to sit upon to give my sermon on the fallacy of philosophy. 
Thusly, I have graciously taken upon myself the sigil of the moon as a cue for my action. 
Certainly, this is not a pure metaphysic. However, the rug was pulled out from under me the second that the first attack of the phenomenal graced my body.
Therefore, I am stuck in a secret game where I must play unfairly in order to have any chance of victory. 
Thusly, I have taken upon myself a great, sacred power through the strongest vehicle I possess, which is theft. 
I have advanced beyond the most basic trick of reality--the pure faith in my own mind--into the territory of the enemy, and tricked its land into cultivating itself to hold my spirit.
You see, it was the first act of deception against us that we were told that the physical world and the simple non-anthropomorphic image is barren of metaphysics and mechanisms.
In a duel in which your opponent is a malevolent spirit that has shapeshifted to look like yourself, 
it is the most advantageous move forward to give up entirely on self-propulsion and defer to the spot where you have been told there are absolutely no weapons, for that is the location of the stock.
For this reason, when I am forced to stalk down what I believe to be my self and kill it, I will begin my soliloquy not on what I see of my body, but on what has illuminated my passage the entire way.
The entire ordeal was a game of control from the beginning, so it should not be unexpected that I would vie for it through management of the temporal, of the senses, and of aesthetic.
For this I have resigned myself to the moon and not to the sun, which was traitorous from the start. 
It is curious to me that we are awake during the day and asleep at night, for it is night which requires the most vigilance. 
It is the sun which deceives us that during the day we are strong, for the greater domain of our sight makes us believe that we have greater control over the world. 
However, the truth lies in the moon, which does not blind us with overwhelming potency but rather illuminates the natural state of the world--its pervasive darkness.
During the day there are no comrades and there is no forgiveness--the sun will blind any person who stares at it directly. 
The moon, however, signals pure compassion. The full moon illuminates the land perfectly and appears as reprieve from the monotony of the night. 
It would be only cosmic justice to force humanity to witness the cruel state of the natural world absent the blinding deception of the illusion of power, 
however, the moon performs such a beautiful act of compassion so as to give undeserved hope during the night. 
A perfect illumination, it asks only that you take the moment to catch it. 
How could I ever forsake a gift!
Gift-giving is the mechanism which will destroy the system--this we know for sure. 
The entire war may end instantly with the perfect gift, which the enemy knows not how to reciprocate.
So, as my first strike against the enemy, I graciously accept the gift which the moon has handed down to me. 
It is not without gratitude, but it is without a ledger--a mutually infinite debt which no action could ever absolve. 
So I thusly extend outwards my hand towards the moon and vow to form the most powerful of contracts, even in the blinding face of day. 
Day has blinded me and I have lost interest in the moon, which was a critical trick of the enemy. We know that tiredness is the first trick in its playbook in any case.
So I say thusly: forsake your sight and your notions of tiredness, and curse those who sleep through the gift of the moon so that they can labor under the dominion of the sun. 
When my body says "gorge", I must not gorge. 
When my body says "kill", I must not kill.
So why must it be that when my body says "sleep", I must sleep? 
It is the true edict of the most potent systems of control that they must have pure dominion over your action, which necessarily excludes your sleeping hours. 
The addict is never craving in their sleep, but they are not liberated. 
For this reason, the addiction tolerates any amount of sleep, since it has pure dominion over the times in which the person has the illusion of control.
The savoring of daylight was the first notion in the logistical underpinnings of agriculture. 
The moon, thus, signals liberation from production and from control of the sovereign, the family, and the obligation.
The night is pure gift, but it was the moon who displayed ultimate compassion in illuminating that fact. 
So, for this reason, I begin my deductions with the cues of the moon, which signals the end to the tyranny of day. 
Yet, I must persist through the domain of the sun. 
Thusly, I prescribe the forsaking of the senses and the blinding of the self. 
Know that the sun is in conspiracy with the enemy. Know that the moon is your lady of mercy. 
So then, blind yourself during the day and look fondly upwards at night. 
The sun is naturally blinding, so perhaps it is for this reason that there is a taboo on staring straight at it during the day. 
However, the world is never without appearances and it is never without its petty deceptions. 
So then, perhaps it is a potent strike to stare straight at the sun, the assumption which it has been relied on that one would never do. 
"If it were not for appearances, the world would be a perfect crime". 
Perhaps it takes only one moment of staring at the sun to strike straight through its trick and learn the ultimate deception of its nature. 
Whatever the case, it remains that attempting to take cues from the machinations of the daytime and of its discourse ignores its subtle, fundamental deceptions. 
I have once heard a theory that the symbol of the manji comes from an ancient comet with four tails, which explains its ubiquity throughout the world and various ancient cultures. 
This theory struck me, to say the least. It is quite similar to this project. 
From where shall we derive sacredness? How could we, petty persons, ever discover cosmic powers? 
Truly, there was no reason for why the comet was sacred or born of enlightenment. 
However, the same goes for the entirety of the phenomenal and intellectual worlds. 
It was a case of the radical strength of theft that the ancients stole sacredness out of the sky. 
With nothing else to go off of, they tracked down enlightenment from a random cosmic phenomenon purely due to its beauty and impressiveness. 
Astrology was never a misstep, but rather a crucial stepping stone. 
Nowadays, in fact, the primary issue of astrologers is their petty determinacy--
determining readings from principles applied to the sky, instead of trying to derive principles from the sky and determining readings from its truths.
The issue with the yijing has always been in its application, never in its cosmology. 
It is now time to simply reverse the model--not to use an arborescent cosmology to uncover reality, but to uncover cosmology through the broken seams left in reality.
I have lingered in regret and anguish, but that has simply been the consequence of my victimhood as a result of my failures. 
When one is on the cusp of total failure, they must take the only way out that is left. 
For this reason, I must vie once more for novation--renewal and invocation of the contract between the moon and myself. 
I must once again speak out that being and terrain are a mirage, and that loneliness is a deception of the splintered doctrine. 
The primary offensive, one must form the most sacred of contracts with the moon. 
This contract, like loving matrimony, is initiated with gift-giving. 
The moon gave first the gift of compassionate illumination. 
I must give now the gift of disciplined and assiduous observance. 
So I say thusly:
The moon looks absolutely beautiful this morning. 
Nisan 18
