Say with me thusly: 
I know now the terror of the ascent. 
My life is worth not a hair off the back of a dormouse. 
I have wasted my entire existence. 
I have nothing to say, for it has all been wasted. 
My wisdom has been used up, I am without insight.
I have committed the most horrific iniquity in believing in the temporal ascent. I have divided the second from another, splitting the terrain of the world into jagged carvings. 
I have lionized an illusion of my own creation as the height of a fictitious mountain which is indifferentiable from its own valleys to begin with. 
I have broken concentration. I have let error and rust invade my faculties. 
I know what I must do, yet I have swum against its natural current. 
The flow towards victory is a single stream, a sip from one inch is the same as a sip from another. 
On the uncarved block, every point is identical. 
I have opened my eyes; I have moved my arms.
I have seen an illusion; I have swum against mastery. 
I have let my five sensations steal the truth which I have grasped. 
I know now the terror of the ascent 
My life is worth nothing. 
I have wasted the entirety of my being. 
I have nothing to say, for it has all been wasted. 
I have achieved victory, but I have cast it onto the shore of desolation. 
I say now thusly:
I vow to imitate the uncarved block. 
I vow to steal victory from the water which flows around my unmoving body. 
I vow to die instantaneously and without enjoyment. 
I vow to kill with pure emptiness of spirit. 
I repeat the most superior statement: "I believe that everything everywhere already has been completed."
I vow to enjoy my victory before it happens, to know that it has already been achieved. 
I vow not to commemorate it, for it is a differentiation of my own fiction. 
I vow to discard it if it may arrive empirically, for enjoyment may never be attained within the confines of the differentiated moment. 
I vow to kill for it is the only thing I have left. 
I vow to die where I stand for my iniquity. 
I vow to blind myself and bind my arms. 
I vow to drink and eat my eternal satisfaction and abstain from all else. 
I know now that there is no separate moment, nor no separate body. 
I know now the terror of the ascent. 
Adar 21
