In the most difficult of times, when one feels as though they have no paths left, it is difficult to find reasoning to keep living. 
This is, in fact, a question of reasoning. We suppose that persons ought to take the most reasonable path or option at a given moment. 
However, this supposed rigidness often gets de-railed by taboos and notions of value and praxis. 
People like killing over many things. Petty angers and resentments contour the world for those who live deeply within them. 
Killing a person over a lost game would be, by all accounts, a misjudgment. There are three reasons why. 
The first reason is the one focused on the agent, which depends on the recognition of legal structures which would detain and jail a person for manslaughter. 
This, however, is based on an egoistic standpoint--one that can be simulated when following a story in which the protagonist is a criminal or some form of villain. 
Even though the audience may recognize that the protagonist is morally deplorable and probably ought to be caught by the police or face retribution, the position of being entangled with the protagonist leads the audience to find themselves wishing against the forces of justice. 
The manipulation is so simple--it is often just the placement of the camera. It is astounding how simple it is to get an entire sea of people to scream out "more evil, less justice!". 
The second reason is the one focused on the victim, which is rooted in moral judgements. 
Most moral frameworks would prohibit homicide, particularly in such a case wherein the victim has done nothing except win a game which terms were mutually agreed upon prior. 
The third reason is reasonability, which does still largely depend on the first two reasons. 
It would be unreasonable to kill another over a lost game, both in the catastrophic consequences it would bring upon the agent and in the moral weight of the action which was unprompted. 
However, there remains a third component. From a very strict utilitarian model of action wherein one perhaps any particular action to be the most efficient and reasonable as possible, the kill would be erroneous. 
It is somewhat a burden to murder another. If it must be given a rationale why any agent should perform any given action at any given moment, then it would be just as justified to perform a murder as any other imaginable action outside of the proper one.
From this, we find somewhat of a heterogeneity in reason--similar to that as one finds in the most basic assertion of the categorical imperative--between the reasonable and the phenomenal world. 
So then, what path is one to take when the feel as though they have no paths left?
It must first be understood that one may be being deceived. 
Pain is an experience that one is not simply subjected to, but rather actively embodied--which is demonstrated in a variety of ways. 
Pure reason is anti-action and anti-violence. 
Pure stillness is pro-vitality and pro-enjoyment. 
Nisan 17
