It occurred to me earlier:
I believe that the fundamental task of philosophy is rectifying mistakes.
That is, the mistakes of creation, the mistakes of method, the mistakes of action. 
It may seem that this is only an indirect way of asserting that the task of philosophy is discerning the superior, but in fact it is rectifying mistakes that is prior here. 
This is because in discerning the superior, it must be acknowledged first that there is an inferior and that this inferior is what is currently being practiced. 
Thus, in asserting that there is a superior method or superior action, it has been first asserted that there is a mistake that ought to be rectified. 
In saying that there is a proper method of intellectual excavation or moral obligation to take an action, one is asserting first that there is an innate necessity to rectify the world. 
In the wake of the mistake, all philosophy was born. 
Thus, it is true that creation was a mistake and that all worldly life is suffering, for the perfect generation wherein mistake is absent is absolutely devoid of disputation or assertion.
This would be because in such a case, perfect knowledge is already ubiquitous. 
Thus, I say that it is our inherent limitations of knowledge which birth all disputation and suffering. 
The former is uncontroversial, but the latter is quite the bold assertion. 
Some may argue that for many, ignorance is bliss. However, we must qualify our understanding of knowledge. 
When one is being deceived, the conclusions drawn from their experience are not proper knowledge. 
When one believes in a fabrication or mimetically powerful disinformation, that is not proper knowledge. 
When one produces knowledge erroneously and without proper method, that is not proper knowledge. 
When one knows a complex and detailed scheme for the construction of a bridge, but the scheme is without any coherent underlying principle or design, the bridge will undoubtedly collapse. 
Thus, that scheme was not proper knowledge to begin with. 
Improper knowledge produces improper method. Improper method produces improper knowledge. 
Thus, it comes first that one must rectify the mistakes of method. 
Method is always directed towards a point. An engine runs for a purpose, elsewise it would not have been created. 
The objective of any anthropogenic method is to ensure the achievement of some goal. 
In method, one attempts to reveal something about the world and its function, using that knowledge to produce some result--even when that knowledge is the goal itself. 
Thus, there was an objective at the advent of the question of method which was born of the objective to rectify some mistake. 
Ignorance is not bliss to the architect nor mechanic nor technician, for whom many rely on to ensure their life and its quality. 
There is perfect bliss for those who already have attained perfect knowledge of the entirety of the universe, as well as those who have no need for knowledge anyways. 
Both of these groups are non-existent. Thus, it must be that all worldly life is suffering and that it was born of the lack of knowledge on the part of the agents involved to begin with. 
Knowledge is always necessary for the betterment of life. To build infrastructure, to repair objects, to form relationships, to effectively govern, one must possess proper knowledge of the subject. 
One may say: but who truly needs houses and technologies and community? There have been a great number of cynics and ascetics who have lived without all of these.
However, to get to the point wherein one can live without these aspects, they must possess some sort of effective insight into the nature of desire, which is itself a form of potent knowledge. 
Thus, all persons require knowledge, regardless of its purpose. 
Thus, all persons lust after knowledge, something which is not simply given as birthright, which sets them down a perilous course. 
There are a great number of illusions and tricks which may mar the path that one must set out on, which can create frustrations and pain in and of themselves. 
Knowledge is often improper and knowledge is often insufficient. 
From this, suffering is born. In desiring knowledge, one wishes to rectify the mistake of their birth, the mistake of creation, which is the calamitous poverty of knowledge which all persons are born into. 
This is why I call the erroneous path the mistaken action, and the erroneous action the mistaken action. 
This is why improper action and improper method is not called evil but avidyā. 
The disputant is not necessarily a malicious agent, but a frog at the bottom of a well (井底之蛙).
It is the foremost objective of the intellectual project to rid the world of its pervasive mistakes, to restore the lost essence of perfection--to oppose the initial calamity of creation.
Nisan 16
