I have been asked:
Why is it that I believe myself to face such calamitious suffering? 
I do believe this to be quite a pertinent question, but I must first answer: 
Why is there suffering to begin with?
You see, with nothing causing nothing, there is nothing. 
However, with nothing beginning, it has been created the possibility of something. 
The possibility is what can be entertained conceptually. It can be displayed as well.
Whether or not this world of ours is purely conceptual or truly "real" is difficult to say, but it can be known for certain that its objects can be conceived of conceptually and cognitively. 
Nothing can only be nothing so long as it remains unbroken. 
As long as the block remains uncarved, its sections cannot be divided. 
It seems however, by whatever reason, that the plate of perfect being, which is pure nothingness, was shattered. 
Cracks formed in the plate and shards were scattered throughout the newly created reality. 
Concepts began to gain coherence, the world became knowable. 
Whether a true metaphysical rupture or a shared anthropogenic delusion, we have been able to speak of objects and even deduct from the world physical principles. 
It can be compared to the story of adam and chava, who were created as one perfect body, holding the entirety of the soul fragments of the world. 
When it was that they were split in half, and the perfect soul released into the imperfect souls of our world, the story of humanity began. 
Even further, it was then that they were to identify the animals and plants in the gan eden and distinguish them from each other. 
Upon eating the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, which we can understand as the fruit of "conceptual demarcation", land was divisibile and place names were born; there was now inside and outside gan eden.
It came then, when the world and its phenomena could be discerned as having conceptual weight--good and evil, pleasure and pain, true and false--that suffering began. 
The united mass of reality was split into cards, its faces and numbers differentiated from each other. 
This is the root of the fundamental suffering endemic to reality--which only ceases upon non-existence. 
Moving inwards through the concentric circles:
We see in this age that suffering is exasperated. 
Robber Zhi said:
"In the age of Shennong, the people lay down peaceful and easy, woke up wide-eyed and blank. They knew their mothers but not their fathers and lived side by side with the elk and the deer. 
They plowed for their food, wove for their clothing, and had no thought in their hearts of harming one another. This was Perfect Virtue at its height!"
This state was ruptured by statecraft, wherein the power of the sovereign divided humanity from each other. 
Man had command over man, so there was thus an additional heterogeneity. 
Originally, people were united in their common desire for survival and thriving. 
They wished only for peace with the world and with each other. 
They gathered their berries and fruits and shared efficiently while giving symbolically. 
They gave gifts and kept no ledgers. 
They were united in their wish for mutual survival and thriving. 
However, the sovereign found it in his interest to expand his state and conquer populations.
The sovereign found it in his interest to kill his rivals and excecute dissidents. 
Thusly, there was a great heterogeneity in interest. 
With the rise of multiple states, they found it in their interests to go to war with each other, killing their populations who would often gain nothing either way. 
Thus, there was great suffering among the people of the world. 
When the limits of existence was nothingness, there was no suffering. 
When the limits of existence was survival, there was no conflict. 
Moving inwards through the concentric circles:
Perhaps it was with better luck that one person had cultivated more than their neighbor, and had lent to them on the condition of debt. 
Land was demarcated, and it was decided that some would possess that land. With the excruciating exertion of the conceptual onto the physical, there began ownership of land and of its fruits. 
There thus began a heterogeneity excasperated by fate. The demarcation of ownership created thus the necessity of the ledger, which is perhaps the most calamitious invention in history. 
Therefore certain persons were indebted to others, with a heirarchy forming based on quantities and debts. 
It was in the interests of persons to maximize their ownership, by lending their possessions of objects or land. 
There were thus lords and peasants, owners and workers, who were at odds by necessity of their positions.
When the limits of existence was nothingness, there was no suffering. 
When the limits of existence was survival, there was no conflict. 
When the limits of existence was unity, there was no oppression. 
Moving inwards through the concentric circles:
It is unique in our era that the old reprieves are lost. 
Baudrillard said:
"Humanity no longer has any finality once the human is set down in a genetic capital and the transcription of the genome. 
There is no longer, strictly speaking, any history or time once it becomes part of a counting-down."
The acceleration of information has killed reality, and the only things left in its place is a decoy constructued by heterogeneity to begin with. 
Methods of knowing, which were rooted in interpretation of the world according to conceptual principles, break down upon nearing their perfection. 
The issue is that the vacuum left in its wake is filled in by the mechanisms of deception, which necessarily, by their interest, want to capitalize on such terrain. 
The elimination of truth is easy--one must only perfect truth. The total explanation of reality eliminates the demarcation to begin with. 
However, when the vehicle is the only model for the interpretation of the world, a pernicious miasma may create a simulated hologram of it. 
A simulation of science, a simulation of international affairs, a simulation of philosophy, a simulation of sociality--it all creeps its way in as reality dissipates.
It first covers truth, binds us to maximize its engine, and then eliminates the Other. 
Simulation chains us to its reproduction--the maximization of itself through sign commodities, which was how it was born. 
We are pushed to work and consume according to an accelerating temporality, facing daily cognitive terrorism.
The old pleasure is never enough, the old labor is never enough. 
It drives us to destroy ourselves, whether that be through work or consumption or both. 
Simulation works according to its own self-maximization, in the process expanding its deception to cover the entirety of the former image of reality. 
When the limit of existence was nothingness, there was no suffering. 
When the limit of existence was survival, there was no conflict. 
When the limit of existence was unity, there was no oppression.
When the limit of existence was the symbolic, there was no simulacrum.
Moving inwards through the concentric circles:
The question has been posed as to why I face such calamitious suffering. 
To say firstly, though it may be unsatisfactory:
The creation of the "I" is a fundamental demarcation which produces suffering. 
Additionally, I have only intimately known myself and no others, so I can not be sure of their existence as I am mine. 
They may be deceptions or hollow effigies, for all I know. 
I have known intense suffering, that I know beyond all else. 
However, I feel as though this may be unfair to others, who may find my solipsistic intuition to be unsatisfying as an answer. 
The further truth is, I believe it to be luck. 
I have once delineated the four characteristics that determine the proximity to accessing the ideal self of perfect knowledge which I have called the avatāra to be grasp, skill, temperament, and luck.
By luck, it is more meant to be fate. 
It may not necessarily be considered "good" luck that one falls into the positions that allow a person to access the domain of the self of perfect knowledge.
One may simply fall into a path that allows them or disallows them certain things. 
Whether or not one ends up discovering certain things may depend largely on their luck--the cards that they have drawn. 
My understanding of the nature of suffering perhaps would not have been so clearly revealed to me if I had not faced such tremendous suffering. 
It was not until he left the comfort of his castle that the Buddha would learn of the nature of reality. 
It has been perhaps fate that my endemic lack of solace and reprieve would allow me the means and time to formulate an understanding of the principles of the world. 
The demarcation of the world and of persons has created a deck of cards that one must draw from. 
It is the innate heterogeneity of the situation that determines that some would face certain hardships and certain successes. 
Today is Yom HaShoah, when we remember the six million Jewish men, women, and children that were murdered in the Holocaust.
The question many ask is: how can men turn into beasts and commit such an unthinkable atrocity?
The truth is: they were faithful believers in demarcations. They believed in the differentiations of peoples and the innate superiority of some to others, which is a natural consequence of such a system. 
At the level of truth, which is that Jewishness is identifiable at a stastical level and a symbolic level, it truly is that Jews have simply been dealt the worst card in the deck. 
Whether by divine punishment or by simple fate, it is not based in a metaphysical telos but material situations that hatred and violence has been handed down through Greece and Rome to the western world. 
2000 years of persecution has only been consistent with itself. 
It is through the system of racial and national demarcation that such a calamity began. 
Similarly, the world is heterogenous and sadistic, which has only been exasperated by the era, which has been described above. 
So then: Why is it that I believe myself to face such calamitious suffering? 
It is purely a consequence of demarcation. 
